Update paper link in medmcqa dataset card (#4290)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/medmcqa/README.md

- **Homepage:** https://medmcqa.github.io
- **Repository:** https://github.com/medmcqa/medmcqa

> - **Paper:** https://proceedings.mlr.press/v174/pal22a/pal22a.pdf

Reviewer: We usually link to the abstract page (not the PDF):
```suggestion
- **Paper:** [MedMCQA: A Large-scale Multi-Subject Multi-Choice Dataset for Medical domain Question Answering](https://proceedings.mlr.press/v174/pal22a)
```
